Sorry, Miss Jiang.
If you sit here
Miss Witt can only sit in the second row
This definitely won't work
Why not?
He won an award.
Then let him sit in the second row and feel wronged by him
If you don't feel wronged
Why don't you go to the second row yourself?
Do you want to make me the laughing stock of everyone?
If Mr. Lu is reluctant
Why don't you replace Jiang Yurou and go to the second row yourself?
What is Cheng Yu's identity?
How could he sit in the second row?
Don't think you can go so far if you're Witt
That's enough!
If you want to sit here, you sit here
I'll go to the back
idiom
Witt, what do I do?
This is not where you should sit
Sit in the back
I'm so sorry, Miss Jiang.
You have delayed the next process.
Besides, you have to receive an award later.
You'd better sit down first